Dataset statistics
Nodes	4039
Edges	88234
Nodes in largest WCC	4039 (1.000)
Edges in largest WCC	88234 (1.000)
Nodes in largest SCC	4039 (1.000)
Edges in largest SCC	88234 (1.000)
Average clustering coefficient	0.6055
Number of triangles	1612010
Fraction of closed triangles	0.2647
Diameter (longest shortest path)	8
90-percentile effective diameter	4.7

Description: 

Social circles: Facebook

Dataset information

This dataset consists of 'circles' (or 'friends lists') from Facebook. Facebook data was collected from survey participants using this Facebook app. The dataset includes node features (profiles), circles, and ego networks.

Facebook data has been anonymized by replacing the Facebook-internal ids for each user with a new value. Also, while feature vectors from this dataset have been provided, the interpretation of those features has been obscured. For instance, where the original dataset may have contained a feature "political=Democratic Party", the new data would simply contain "political=anonymized feature 1". Thus, using the anonymized data it is possible to determine whether two users have the same political affiliations, but not what their individual political affiliations represent.

Link:  https://snap.stanford.edu/data/egonets-Facebook.html

Files:

nodeId.edges : The edges in the ego network for the node 'nodeId'. Edges are undirected for facebook, and directed (a follows b) for twitter and gplus. The 'ego' node does not appear, but it is assumed that they follow every node id that appears in this file.

nodeId.circles : The set of circles for the ego node. Each line contains one circle, consisting of a series of node ids. The first entry in each line is the name of the circle.

nodeId.feat : The features for each of the nodes that appears in the edge file.

nodeId.egofeat : The features for the ego user.

nodeId.featnames : The names of each of the feature dimensions. Features are '1' if the user has this property in their profile, and '0' otherwise. This file has been anonymized for facebook users, since the names of the features would reveal private data.
